we have a cherished candy related
tradition here at this show tonight you
are cordially invited to be part of it
our ninth annual Halloween candy youtube
challenge this is where parents we asked
them to pretend ate all your kids candy
shoot video of it share the video with
us we get so many submissions every year
for this and lots of sadly hilarious
reactions like this and now she will
never taste the rainbow it's so sad but
parents the time is now the time is
actually tomorrow in the morning don't
wake your kids up right now after
trick-or-treat tonight tell your
children you ate all their Halloween
candy record it post it to YouTube with
the title hey Jimmy Kimmel I told my
kids I ate all our Halloween candy then
be on the lookout for a message from us
to your YouTube account we'll put the
best videos on the show next week and
your kids will have a memory they'll
never forget even if they want to forget
it they will never be able to forget it
so if you like that video click the
subscribe button but only if you're
ready for commitment